** Legend:
** e) short for extended by
** i) short for including

Use cases tree:
    1) Enter meal information
        e) input nutrition details
        i) select date
    2) Request a nutrition report 
        i) select date
    3) Enter nutrition intake targets/goals
        i) input nutrition details
        i) select date

Naratives:

    Enter meal information:
	    Main scenario:
            1) User enter what they ate.
            2) User select a specific time: breakfast, lunch, dinner, and/or snack.
            3) User select a specific date (dd/mm/yyyy).
            4) System saves and store the data that will be used to create the report.
        Extended scenario A (food is not in the database):
            4A) System notifies the user that the food is not in the database.
            5A) System asks the user to manually input the food and its nutrition.
            6A) System saves and store the food into the database.
            7A) Continues at step 4.
		Extanded scenario B (Invalid date):
	    	3B) User enters an invalid date.
	    	4B) System notifies the user that they entered an invalid date.
			5B) Restarts step 3

    Request a nutrition report:
        Main scenario:
            1) System inquires the user which date would a report on.
			2) User selects a date.
            3) System presents a complied nutrition report on chosen time interval.
        Extended scenario A (no relevant info):
            1A) User selects a date range.
            2A) System notifies the user that the dates selected do not have suffient information to form a report.
			3A) Returns to step 1
		Extanded scenario B (Invalid date):
	    	1B) User selects a date range.
	    	2B) System notifies the user that they entered an invalid date, i.e. the future.
			3A) Returns to step 1
		Extended scenario C (empty record)
			1C) System tells that there is no recorded information to form a report and terminates the process.

    Set Nutrition Intake Targets/Goals:
	Main scenario:
	    1. The system prompts the user to provide their nutrition details.
	    2. The user inputs the nutrition details.
	    3. The system requests a range of target date.
	    4. The user specifies a range of target date.
	    5. The system asks the user to make sure they want to see the report.
	    6. The user decides to select "Yes".

	Extended scenario A (User did not record any meals yet)
	    1A. The system notifies the user that they did not have any details for the report.

	Extended scenario B (User Cancels to see the report):
	    5B. The system prompts the user to make sure the user wants to see the report.
	    6B. The user opts to "Cancel" rather than "Yes".

	Extended scenario C (User Enters Selects a Date with no Info):
	    4C. The user specifies a range of target date.
	    5C. The system warns that the date range doesn't contain any information.
		6C. Returns to step 3

	Extended scenario D (User Enters an Invalid Date):
	    4D. The user specifies a range of target date.
	    5D. The system warns that the date range is invalid.
		6D. Returns to step 3
